----- Version 1 (Dashboard + CSV)
1. papaparse -> used to process the csv files
https://www.papaparse.com/

2. Create table -> <table>,<thead>,<tbody>

3. Redirect to dashboard after CSV upload

4. Create database schema and save transactions
- npm install prisma @types/node @types/pg --save-dev
npm install @prisma/client @prisma/adapter-pg pg dotenv
- npx prisma
npx prisma init
- prisma.config.ts and schema.prisma created
- Create database structure
- npx prisma migrate dev --name init
- npx prisma generate
- Create lib/prisma.ts

If you change the db schema -
- npx prisma db push
- npx prisma generate

5. Correct prisma.ts and prisma.schema
- id is automatically generated by the db
- date is given as a string, so while adding, do 'new Date(transc.date)'
- for multiple rows of data, use the 'createMany()' functions, and then use map to add the rows individually

6. To not allow duplicate values
- We use the 'skipDuplicates' property of the createMany() function

7. Find totalIncome and more from the data
Here, we first use the filter() command, and then the reduce function to find the sum. Similarly, we could also sum up the amounts in each category.
For example,
- transactions.filter(t => t.type === 'DEBIT).reduce((acc, t) => acc + t.amount, 0);

8. CSV Validation and Formatting
i. We check that the headers correspond to the required ones after normalizing it, then push the ones that we've already got into a map. Atlast, we check if the required parameters have been obtained through the app.
ii. For CSV Header Formatting - (Currently)

9. Added visuals and analytical formulae to the dashboard
i. Calculated the different parameters, after formatting the object using the reduce() keyword, and then using the map function to convert it into the required format.
ii. Used 'recharts' to create the requried graphs

----- Version 2 (Rule Based Advisory)

1. Added advisory section based on the statistics
2. Added transaction table and category recategorization
3. Added an export to PDF button done with the help of 'jsPDF'
4. Added Category Budget Benchmarking, Data Quality Panel, Financial Health Score and Summaries

----- Prophet Forecasting
It generates a range of values with 95% confidence.

----- Monte Carlo Simulation
The forecasted data is used to simulate and get the required results.

----- Plans
1. Add authentication
2. Fetch only the transactions of the particular user
3. Format the exported PDF properly
4. Add delete option of the transactions from the transactions table
5. Allow more options of uploading data
6. Format the CSV properly
7. Add a section to each page explaining the function
8. Add a settings page
9. Modify the design of all the pages
10. Properly comment and document all the code
11. Understand the whole code
12. Update to include relevant parameters and functions

Things to complete tomorrow -
1. Add authentication
2. Fetch only the transactions of the particular user
3. Add delete option for the transactions
4. Add a settings page
5. Do anything else as possible

Additional features required -
Suggested order:
1. Loading states (quick wins, a few hours)
2. Error boundaries (also quick)
3. PDF upload with at least one bank format parsed
4. Input validation naturally comes with the PDF parser since you're already normalizing data
5. README last once features are stable

Final features -
1. Format the transactions from PDF by attaching tags
2. Make it so that forecast and simulation show "insufficient data" when there isn't enough data
3. Check, test, and modify Monte Carlo Simulation as required
4. Horizon dropdown, etc., have unreadable fonts
5. Clean the project directory
6. Add proper documentation
7. Host the application
8. Go through the whole code